c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\ChocoMambo.exe.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\ChocoMambo.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\ChocoMambo.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\af-ZA\ChocoMambo.resources.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmEmployee.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmParent.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmEmployee.af-ZA.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\af-ZA\ChocoMambo.resources.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\en\ChocoMambo.resources.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmEmployee.en.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\en\ChocoMambo.resources.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmCustomer.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmOrders.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmProduct.resources
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmSupplier.resources
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmSupplierPurchase.resources
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.FrmBranch.resources
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmRawIngredients.resources
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\DBConnection.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\DBConnection.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.FrmPermissions.resources
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmView.resources
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\ErrorHandling.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\ErrorHandling.pdb
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\ChocoMambo.exe.config
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.exe
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.pdb
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\ChocoMambo.exe
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\ChocoMambo.pdb
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\af-ZA\ChocoMambo.resources.dll
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\en\ChocoMambo.resources.dll
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\DBConnection.dll
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\bin\Debug\DBConnection.pdb
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmBranch.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmCustomer.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmEmployee.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmLogin.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmOrders.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmParent.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmPermissions.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmProduct.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmRawIngredients.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmView.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmSupplier.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmSupplierPurchase.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmEmployee.af-ZA.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.frmEmployee.en.resources
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\ChocoMambo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\af-ZA\ChocoMambo.resources.dll
D:\ChocoMambo\ChocoMambo\obj\Debug\en\ChocoMambo.resources.dll
